good morning it's january
19 2021
and it's a tuesday here in l.a
cloudy morning very still
right now about 54 degrees fahrenheit
12 celsius
today i was also
among many people thinking about
phil spector and
my favorite song of his probably most
people's favorite song
considered to be the number one
greatest girl group songs of all time
from 1963
produced by phil spector be
my baby by the ronettes
should be going up to around 69 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
21 celsius and it looks like it'll be
cloudy all along the way
but remember behind those clouds
there are those blue skies and golden
sunshine
[Music]
waiting to visit us again
everyone have a great day